Add Nova to nodes provided by Alchemy + format (#1428)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/how-arbitrum-works/bold/gentle-introduction.md

While both of these bonds can be any ERC20 token and be set to any size, this proposal recommends the use of the WETH ERC20 token & the following bond sizes:

- Assertion bonds: 3600 ETH - required from validators to bond their funds to an assertion in the eventual hopes of having that assertion be confirmed by the rollup protocol. This is a one-time bond required to be able to start posting assertions. This bond can be withdrawn once a validator’s assertion is confirmed and can alternatively be put together via a trustless bonding pool.

> - Challenge-bonds, per level: 555/79 ETH (UPDATED) - required from validators to open challenges against an assertion observed on Ethereum, for each level. Note that “level” corresponds to the level of granularity at which the interactive dissection game gets played over, starting at the block level, moving on to a range of WASM execution steps, and then finally to the level of a single step of execution. These values were carefully calculated to optimize for the resource ratio and gas costs in the event of an attack, as explained in the [Economics of Disputes in Arbitrum BoLD](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/BoLD/blob/main/docs/research-specs/Economics.pdf) and the [BoLD whitepaper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.10491). This effectively means that an entity that has already put up a bond to propose an assertion does not need to put up a separate assertion bond to challenge an invalid state assertion that they observe. To be explicitly clear, a validator would still require 555 ETH and 79 ETH for on-going challenges. These additional challenge bond amounts are needed to participate in the interactive dispute game (back and forth) and narrows down the disagreement to a single step of execution that is then proven on Ethereum. The 555 ETH and 79 ETH challenge bonds can be put together via a trustless bonding pool, and does not all have to be put up by the validator that opened the challenge. These bonds can be refunded at the end of a challenge and can also alternatively be put together by the community using a trustless bonding pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Challenge bonds, per level: 555/79 ETH (UPDATED) - required from validators to open challenges against an assertion observed on Ethereum for each level. Note that “level” corresponds to the level of granularity at which the interactive dissection game gets played over, starting at the block level, moving on to a range of `WASM` execution steps, and then finally to the level of a single execution step. These values were carefully calculated to optimize for the resource ratio and gas costs in the event of an attack, as explained in the [Economics of Disputes in Arbitrum BoLD](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/BoLD/blob/main/docs/research-specs/Economics.pdf) and the [BoLD whitepaper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.10491). This effectively means that an entity that has already posted a bond to propose an assertion does not need to submit a separate assertion bond to challenge an invalid state assertion. To be more specific, a validator would still require 555 `ETH` and 79 `ETH` for ongoing challenges. These additional challenge bond amounts are needed to participate in the interactive dispute game (back and forth) and narrow down the disagreement to a single step of execution that is then proven on Ethereum. The 555 `ETH` and 79 `ETH` challenge bonds can be put together via a trustless bonding pool and do not all have to be posted by the validator who opened the challenge. These bonds can be refunded at the end of a challenge and can alternatively be put together by the community using a trustless bonding pool.
```
